211

// 0								//
Invalid node.

You are round stone room.  The Mirror of Erised stands on the
south wall.  There is a flame-filled doorway to the east.

You are in a room filled with Gubraithian fire.  The entire
room is aflame, but the fire burns hottest near the doors in the
south and west walls.

You are inside the Mirror of Erised.  Shades of forgotten dreams
hang around you, beckoning you farther south.  To the north, an
image of a round stone room ripples like water.

You are in a narrow room dominated by an unconscious troll.
There is door with a heavy silver lock to the south and a
flame-filled doorway to the north.

// 5								//
You are in a place of hope and longing.  You follow the images
of your desires for a measureless time.
Eventually, you waste away.

You are in a square room tiled like a chess board and strewn
with broken chess pieces larger than you.  There are doors to
the north and south.

You are at the north end of the Chamber of Secrets, at the foot
of a tall statue of Salazar Slytherin.  Pillars carved like
giant snakes support the high ceiling.
Suddenly a large snake slithers out of the mouth of a statue.
Its eyes glow with a malevolent green light.  You have just
enough time to realize that it is a basilisk before you die.

You are in a vast hollow in the Forbidden Forest.  At the
center is a large, domed web.  Acromantula scuttle downward from
webs strung between the trees around the hollow, quickly
blocking the only exit in the north.  You try to fight them off,
but there are too many.

You are at the bottom of a tall, slanted room.  Glinting birds
fly around the ceiling to the west.  There is a door with a
heavy silver lock to the north, and a stone passage slopes
upwards to the south.

// 10								//
You are in a pile of old bones at the west end of a slimy
tunnel.  To the west, a steep, dark shaft leads upwards.

You are at the south end of the Chamber of Secrets.  Pillars
carved like giant snakes support the high ceiling, and a
circular door hangs open to the west, revealing a slimy tunnel
beyond.

You are in the basement of the Shrieking Shack.  The furniture
here is broken, and there are deep claw marks on the walls and
floor.  The only way out is dark tunnel to the east.  Lupin the
werewolf cowers in the corner.

You are somewhere in a long, dark east/west tunnel.

[USE #13]

// 15								//
[USE #13]

You are at the east end of a small tunnel under the Whomping
Willow.  The tunnel entrance is to the south.

You are in the Hufflepuff Dormitories.  Copper lamps cast a warm
light over four-poster beds with patchwork quilts.  There is a
circular door to the east.

You are in the Hufflepuff Common Room.  There are circular
windows set high in the north wall, and the room is decorated
with plants and yellow-and-black furniture.  There is a circular
door to the west and a ramp leads upward to the south.

You are in Hagrid's garden.  There are piles of pumpkins all
around.  Hagrid's hut is to the south.

// 20								//
You are in the centaur's grove.  A trail leads south from here.

[NODE NOT USED]

You are in Professor Snape's office.  Rows of glass bottles sit
on sagging shelves all around.  A skull sits on a desk, which
is nearly buried in paper, and the floor looks as though it
hasn't ever been swept.  A green fire burns in a grate, and a
dark wooden door leads south.

You are in the west end of the kitchens, under the Great Hall.
The room is filled with long tables, and house elves run here
and there, tiding things.  A flight of stairs leads upwards to
the south.

You are in the east end of the kitchens.  There are sinks,
rolling pins, ovens, and other cooking equipment here.

// 25								//
You are in Hagrid's Hut.  The furniture is rather too large for
you to use comfortably, but a merry fire burns in the fireplace.
You are relieved to see that no dragon egg is present.  Doors
lead north and south.  You see that Hagrid has written a note to
himself: "Hid inkriminating evidince in Room of Rekwirement."

You are in the Forbidden Forest.  Trails lead north, east, and
south from here.  The eastern path is draped with spider webs.

You are at the east end of a trail in the Forbidden Forest.
Giant spiders hang on webs all around, looking at you.  Through
a gap in the webs, you can see a vast hollow below you to the
south.

You are in a circular room lit by darting fireflies.  The only
way out is a dark wooden door to the south.

You are in the Potions Classroom.  Various bubbling cauldrons
emit various colours of smoke.  The smell is terrible.  Dark
wooden doors open to the north and east.

// 30								//
You are at the north end of the dungeon corridor.  There are
dark wooden doors to the north and west.

You are at the west edge of the Forbidden Forest.  To the north
stands a wooded hut with a large door.  Trails lead east up a
hill and west into the Forest.

You are near the edge of the Forbidden Forest.  Trails lead east
and west from here.

You are in the Forbidden Forest, by a patch of black flowers.
Trails lead north, south, and west from here.

You are flying around near the west end of a tall, slanted room.
A flock of winged keys swoops around you.

// 35								//
You are somewhere under Hogwarts.  The steep shaft slopes
upwards to the west and downwards to the east.

You are at the south end of the dungeon corridor.  To the east,
stairs lead upwards.  The dungeon corridor is lit by an eerie
green light.

You are in the Forbidden Forest.  Trails lead north, east, and
south from here.

You are on a small hill in the Forbidden Forest.  Several of the
trees near here have been uprooted, and many have arrows stuck
in them.  A trail leads west.

You are in a room overgrown by Devil's Snare.  The writhing
vines shy away from your jar of Bluebell Flames.  A shaft leads
upwards to the west, and a stone passage slopes downward to the
north.

// 40								//
You are just north of an enameled door depicting a snake in
green and silver.  Stairs made from square stone blocks lead
upwards to the north and the west.

You are on the north shore of the lake, below most of the fog.
The reflection of the full moon makes a glowing path across the
dark waters.  A more physical trail leads up the hill to the
north.

You are in the Forbidden Forest.  The trail continues north and
east from here.
Suddenly a blast-ended skrewt bursts out of the trees in a cloud
of sparks.  It's nearly as tall as you, not even counting its
scorpion tail.  Seconds later, you're dead.

You are in the Slytherin Common Room.  There are large windows
in the ceiling, showing a view of the lake from below.  There
is an ornate door to the north and two smaller doors to the
west, although those are both locked.

You are on a short stretch of beach on the south shore of the
lake.  Inland from the beach you is impenetrable forest.
Across the lake, you can see the Dark Mark hovering over the
North Tower.

// 45								//
You are to the north of an old, ruined castle overlooking a
lake.  A sign in front of the castle says:
"DANGER, DO NOT ENTER, UNSAFE"
You suddenly realize that you are out in the middle of nowhere
with a treasure chest full of gold.  You dash away to store it
somewhere safe.

You are in Filch's office.  Lovingly-polished manacles hang from
the ceiling, kept ready for the day when their use will again be
allowed.  There are doors to the east and south.

You are in a small, dingy room.  The walls are covered with
small filing boxes, with one labeled "CONFISCATED AND HIGHLY
DANGEROUS" hanging open.  The only door is to the west.

You are at the west end of the Great Hall, by the head table.
Above you, the ceiling -- which shows a starry sky -- is
smashed open, revealing the foggy night beyond.
A pair of Death Eaters are poking around near the fireplace,
looking for something.  As you approach, they turn around and
let fly with stunner spells.  You are quickly hit, and the
world goes dark.  And that's the end.

You are at the east end of the Great Hall.  Above you, you can
see the full moon shining out of a star-covered sky.  An ornate
hallway leads south.  There are cracks in the sky above you to
the west.

// 50								//
You are at the north end of a cobblestone pathway, just to the
south of the main Hogwarts gates.  The Whomping Willow is to the
east.

You are at the base of the Whomping Willow, which, fortunately,
seem quiescent at the moment.  There is a cobblestone pathway to
the west and small tunnel leads down into the ground to the
north.

You are at the west end of the first-floor corridor.  There is
a door on the north wall.

You are at a T-junction in the first-floor corridor.  From
here, the corridor continues east, south, and west.  To the
north, a stairs mostly hidden behind a stack of barrels leads
downward.

You are in an east/west corridor.  A painting of a pear hangs
open to the north, revealing downward stairs beyond.

// 55								//
You are in an ornate, north/south corridor.  From here, a
plainer corridor leads west.

You are at the west end of the Greenhouse.  It is very warm and
steamy in here.  Numerous plants armed with different sorts of
spikes, vines, and toxins grow in pots here.  The door is to the
south.

You are at the east end of the Greenhouse.  Large,
umbrella-sized flowers grow near the ceiling, with smaller
plants beneath.
Suddenly a bouncing bulb slams into you from behind, knocking
you into a row of small plants.  One pot slides off the shelf
and smashes on the floor below, and the exposed mandrake root
gives a mind-shattering shriek.

You are in Moaning Myrtle's bathroom.  Water is pouring out of
one of the stalls and across the floor out a door to the east.
There are also a line of sinks to the south, one of which is
partly pulled away from the wall.

You are at the south end of the first-floor corridor.  Water
is flowing out of a door labelled "GIRLS" to the west.  There is
already a large pool of it on the floor near the east wall,
below a grim message written in blood.  There is also a door to
the south labelled "BOYS".  It doesn't look at all grim.

// 60								//
You are at the west end of the Entrance Hall.  A grand staircase
leads upwards to the west and a hallway made from square stone
blocks leads south.

You are at the east end of the Entrance Hall.  Ornate hallways
lead north and south and an enormous door leads east.

You are standing under the main doors of Hogwarts.  The castle
grounds are to the east and the Entrance Hall is to the west.

You standing in a square courtyard in the Hogwarts grounds.
Cobblestone pathways lead into the fog to the north, east, and
south, and there is an enormous door into the castle to the
west.

You are at the east end of a cobblestone pathway, which leads
to the greenhouse to the north.  A less-finished trail
continues farther east down a slope.  To the south is the
Quidditch Pitch, although it is not accessible from here.

// 65								//
You are among the pipes behind the sink in the girl's bathroom.
The main part of the bathroom is to the north and a shaft slopes
steeply downward to the east.

You are in the boy's bathroom.  Everything here is neat and
clean, and all the sinks appear to work perfectly.  The only way
out is to the north.
Malfoy is lying against the south wall, dazed.

You are in a north/south hallway made from square, stone blocks.
Stairs lead downward to the south.

You are at the south end of an ornate corridor.  To the west,
stairs lead downward to the dungeons.

You are at the south end of a cobblestone pathway, which leads
to the Quidditch Pitch to the east.  A trial leads down a hill
to the south.

// 70								//
You are in the Quidditch Pitch.  The exit is to the west.

You are in a dark, twisted shaft.  You can see a square of light
above you to the north, and there is presumably a floor below
you to to the east.  Your ladder must be standing on something.

You are in the Defense Against the Darks Arts classroom.  There
are cupboards and closets around the room, but they are all
padlocked shut.  On the board is written a list of 17 ways to
defuse difficult social situations without the use of magic.
Stairs lead downward past a door the the east.

You are in Professor Umbridge's office, which is decorated
entirely in pink.  There is equipment in this room that looks
suitable for interrogation, as well as some papers authorizing
Umbridge to do anything she wants.  The only door is on the
south wall.

You are at the north end of a second-floor corridor.  Stairs
lead upwards to the west.

// 75								//
You are by a bronze statue of a wizard in the second-floor
corridor.  The corridor leads east and south from here and there
is a door in the north wall.

You are in a portable swamp that has filled a second-floor
corridor.  Dark, leafy plants and tangled vines grow everywhere,
and an impenetrable fog hangs in the air.  A convenient punt
boat provides transportation, but it is impossible to see where
you are going.

You are in the Arithmancy classroom.  The walls are covered with
numeric charts.  The door is to the west.

You are in the Portrait Room.  The west wall is covered in
portraits of previous headmasters.  There are corridors to the
north and south, and stairs lead upwards to the east.

You are at the top of the Entrance Hall stairs.  Archways open
north and south, and the stairs lead down to the east.  There is
a large Hogwarts crest carved on the western wall.

// 80								//
You are by a bronze statue of a witch in the second-floor
corridor.  The corridor leads north and east here.  The statue
of the witch seems to be laughing at you.

You are at the east end of the second-floor corridor.  There is
an open archway to the north and doors on the east and south
walls.

You are in Professor McGonagall's office.  It is very well
organized, with books filed neatly on shelves and a
white-painted door leading out to the west.

You are in the Transfiguration classroom.  It is spacious and
well-lit.  The only door is to the north.

You are at the north end of the third-floor corridor.  Stairs
lead downwards to the east.

// 85								//
You are in Professor Flitwick's office.  Various books are
stacked on the tables, while other knickknacks are stacked
haphazardly on shelves.  You see a note on the desk that reads
"Room of Requirement is by troll painting -- search for weather
charms".  The door is to the south.

You are in the third-floor corridor.  The corridor continues
north and far to the south, and stairs lead upwards to the east.

You are in the Charms classroom.  It is impossible to make any
noise in about half of this room, the walls change colour at
random, and no less than three desks are floating around near
the ceiling.  Through a partially-transparent section of the
floor, you can see a swamp below with openings leading north,
east, south, and west.  The last class in here must have gotten
a bit out of hand.  From this room, doors lead north and south.

You are in a forgotten room.  The only door (on the west wall)
was nailed shut long ago.  A large window to the east, however,
is broken.

You are standing in an impenetrable fog, at the north end of a
narrow ledge.  The window to the west is broken, giving access
to the room beyond.

// 90								//
You are at the west end of the Fat Lady Corridor.  There are
stairs leading down to the west and a classroom to the north.  A
portrait of a fat lady hangs on the south wall.

You are in a wider area at the east end of the Fat Lady
Corridor.  There is a reinforced door to the south and stairs
with an owl above them lead upwards to the north.  A large
window to the east hangs open, letting in the cold night air.

You are on a narrow ledge on the east side of the castle wall.
There is an open window to the west and the ledge extends north
and south from here.  It is unusually foggy tonight, perhaps
because of Dementors.

You are at the south end of the Forbidden Corridor.  A large,
three-headed dog is sleeping next to a trapdoor by the south
wall.  If you have more sense than courage, there is still
time to retreat back north.

You are in the Gryffindor Common Room.  There are squashy
armchairs around a roaring fire and several windows, each with
an unsurpassed view of the dark, foggy night.  The portrait hole
is to the north and stairs lead upwards to the east.

// 95								//
You are in the Care of Magical Creatures classroom.  It's used
less than the other classrooms because most of the creatures
studied live outside.  This room has a reinforced door to the
north and no windows.
Professor Sprout is trying to feed venomous tentacula leaves to
a sickly mooncalf.

You are standing at the south end of a narrow ledge, which
appears to be a dead end.
Suddenly a dementor swoops down at you out of the fog.  When you
try to fight it off, lose your balance and fall to your death
below.

You are in Professor Babbling's office.  Most of the north wall
is covered by his version of The Chart.  There are tiny runes
written all over it, connected by a spiderweb of coloured
lines.  The only door is to the east.

You are in the Study of Ancient Runes classroom.  There is a
door on the west wall, and rune-carved stairs lead upwards to
the north.

You are in the restricted section of the library, where books
dealing with dangerous or forbidden topics are kept.  The main
area of the library is to the south.  Evidently whoever
ransacked the rest of the library didn't get in here; the books
are all still on their shelves.

// 100								//
You are in the vacant classroom.  It is rather small and dark,
so it's no surprise it isn't used.  The door is to the south, so
you might as well use that instead.

You are in the lower floor of the library.  The exit is to the
south and the restricted section (which is locked) is to the
north.  Someone has ransacked this room, smashing shelves and
throwing books all over.  The chance of finding anything
specific in here is now nil.

You are at the north end of the fourth-floor corridor.  There is
a door on the north wall and stairs leading down towards the
west.

You are in the owlry, which is located at the top of a smaller
tower.  A number of owls are swooping around, trying to catch
Scabbers the rat, and many more are sleeping on the rafters
above.  A rickety wooden staircase to the south leads downward.

You are at a bend in the fourth floor corridor, which continues
east and south from here.  To the north, the door to the
library has been torn off its hinges.

// 105								//
You are at a T-junction in the fourth-floor corridor.  You can
go north, south, and west from here.  A list of things Umbridge
has banned from the Castle is painted on the east wall.  These
include fireworks, defensive magic, quidditch, hand-holding,
portable swamps, and Professor Trelawney.

You are at the south end of the fourth-floor corridor.  There
are stairs leading upwards to the east and a door to the south.

You are in the runed corridor.  Ancient symbols are carved all
over the walls.   Steps lead downward to the south, and the
corridor continues north.

You are in the Gryffindor Dormitories.  There are four-poster
beds with red blankets here.  Stairs to the west lead downward.

You are in the History of Magic classroom.  This room is boring.
There are doors to the north and east.

// 110								//
You are in Professor Binn's office.  The only door is to the
west.

You are in the Room of Hidden Things, one manifestation of the
Room of Requirement.  There are all sorts of odd things here,
including books, broken furniture, a stuffed troll, and a cage
with the skeleton of a quintaped inside.  The only way out is to
the east.

You are near the north end of the fifth floor corridor.  The
true north end of the corridor is buried under a pile of rubble.
A statue of a gargoyle stands against the west wall here.

You are in the upper library, which is a large balcony.  The
exit is to the south, but it would also be possible to jump
down into the restricted section of the library to the north.
The books have been torn off the shelves and, in some cases,
apart.  You won't be able to find anything here.

You are in a north/south corridor on the fifth floor.  There is
large picture of trolls trying to dance on the east wall and a
particularly empty spot opposite it on the west wall.

// 115								//
You are at a bend in the fifth floor corridor, which continues
east and south from here.  There is also a smashed door in the
north wall.

You are at a T-junction, where a branch of the north/south
corridor leads west.
The ghost of a ragged man wearing chains is standing near the
west wall.  When he sees you he says "Last I heard, they had a
werewolf teaching the students Dark Arts now.  Someone ought to
get some silver and run it out of town!"

You are at the south end of the corridor, to the north of the
South Tower.  Frigid air is flowing down out of the tower...

You are at the south end of the fifth-floor corridor.  Stairs
lead downward to the west and there is a classroom door to the
south.

You are in Professor Burbage's office, which is full of Muggle
toys and instruments.  The only door is to the west.
Bellatrix Lestrange is waiting in the room with her wand
pointing at the door.  As soon as you open it, she cackles
and shouts "Avada Kedavra".  The last thing you see is a flash
of green light.

// 120								//
You are in the Muggle Studies room.  There's all kinds of weird
stuff with plugs in this class.  There are doors to the north
and west.

You are in Dumbledore's office.  Scattered around the room are
various golden knick-knacks, a perch for a phoenix, and a large
telescope.  There are also many books, shelves, cupboards, and
containers of candy.  A gently curving staircase leads downward
to the east, although this is quite a nice place and you may
want to consider abandoning your quest to sit, read, and eat
candy.

You are in the Astronomy Classroom.  A ladder leads up along the
east wall.  There are also stairs curving down the north wall,
but they are buried in rubble not far below.  There is a gaping
hole in the wall to the south.

You are on the top of the North Tower.  Waist-high crenellations
surround a smooth flagstone floor with geometric lines cut into
it.  The only off the tower is back down to the west.

AVADA KEDAVRA!
A bolt of green light shoots out of the north tower and strikes
you dead.

// 125								//
You are riding your broomstick through the air between the two
tallest towers in Hogwarts, which are far to the north and
south.  The fog is thinner up here, but it is still cold and
damp.

[USE #124]

You are in the Divination classroom, which is freezing cold.
Stairs lead downwards to the north and farther up along the
east wall.  The icy cold radiates from a glowing ball of magic
in the center of this room.

You are on the roof of the South Tower.  Through the fog, you
can see the Dark Mark hovering over the North Tower.  Lower down
on the North Tower you can see a gaping hole in the wall that
you might be able to reach by broomstick.  The only other way
off the tower room would be to climb back down the ladder to the
west.
Fenrir Greyback, the evil werewolf, lies whimpering near one
side of the tower.

[UNUSED]

// 130								//
The room is filled with leaping flames.  As you would prefer not
to be burned to a crisp, you return the way you came.

You quaff a small swallow of your fireproofing potion and wait.
After a few seconds, a frigid sensation runs through your body
and you cautiously venture into the inferno.

You look deeply into the Mirror of Erised, and see within it
your heart's desire: A treasure chest full of gold resting atop
the North Tower.  Unfortunately, there doesn't seem to be any
way to get it out.

You look deeply into the Mirror of Erised, and see within it
your heart's desire: A treasure chest full of gold resting atop
the North Tower.  Unfortunately, there doesn't seem to be any
way to get it out.
Suddenly, you have a brilliant idea: There's no way to get
anything out, but maybe you can get in!  You fasten your
portable hole across the mirror and climb through.

There is a very large, very stupid, and very smelly troll in the
room.  Unfortunately, it is also holding a very large club, and
quickly drives you back the way you came.

// 135								//
Grawp suddenly rushes forward and wrestles a troll in the room
ahead to the ground.  Then he slams its head against the floor a
few times until it lies still.

The door is locked, and you have no way to open it.

You use your winged, silver key to unlock the door.  It locks
itself behind you.

[UNUSED]

Suddenly a snarling werewolf leaps out at you!  You desperately
try to block it with your winged, silver key.  There is a hiss
and a smell of burning flesh, and the werewolf retreats,
whimpering.

// 140								//
You are confronted with a Hufflepuff student, who insistently
shoos you away.  Only Hufflepuffs are allowed in the Hufflepuff
basement.

You are confronted with a Hufflepuff student.  You offer him one
of your cauldron cakes, and it befuddles her for long enough for
you to pass.

You are confronted by a band of centaurs.  They demand that you
leave because "Mars is bright tonight.  Very bright."

You are confronted by a band of centaurs.  Using the information
from your astronomical charts, you are able to involve them in
an in-depth discussion about the planets.  They quite forget to
send you away.

Professor Snape sneers at you from inside his office.  "Good
day," he says.  "Did you not understand that I have no time to
give such elementary lessons?"

// 145								//
Professor Snape sneers at you from inside his office.  You ask
him about the potion-making properties of your basilisk skin,
and he heads off to look it up.

As you approach the kitchens, you are confronted by Winky the
house-elf.  She tells you that she cannot finish the "special
cauldron cakes" until you bring her some befuddlement draught.
Then she takes a long, unsteady drink from her bottle of
Butterbeer and sends you away.

As you approach the kitchens, you are confronted by Winky the
house-elf.  You give her the befuddlement draught and she
vanishes, only to reappear seconds later and hand it back.
Then she takes a long, unsteady drink from her bottle of
Butterbeer and vanishes again.

This area of the forest is filled with giant carnivorous
spiders!  The spiders chase you away from their home.

This area of the forest is filled with giant carnivorous
spiders!  The spiders smell Hagrid's coat and leave you alone.

// 150								//
Inside the potions classroom is Professor Snape.
"Hello," he says.  "I see you have come for supplementary
potions lesson.  However, you failed to bring your textbook.
Don't return without it or I may have to give you detention!"
You return the way you came.

Inside the potions classroom is Professor Snape.
"Hello," he says.  "I see you have come for supplementary
potions lesson.  You have even brought your textbook.  However,
that will be of no value to you.  I am far to busy to help
you."  Snape then retreats to his office.

There is no way to the higher part of the room from here.
Unless you could fly, I guess, but you're more human than bird.

You zoom upwards on your Comet 360 broomstick.

The way look unpleasantly vertical, and you don't feel up to
that much climbing.

// 155								//
You extend your extensible ladder and begin to climb.

Hagrid's half-brother Grawp is loose in this area of the forest!
You run away from him.

Hagrid's half-brother Grawp is loose in this area of the forest!
You manage to lasso him with your rope and quickly pull it
tight.  Now you can lead him around.

The room contains Devil's Snare!  The vines attempt to devour
you, and you flee back the way you came.

The room contains Devil's Snare!  You pour a bit of Bluebell
Flame out of your jar and the creeping tendrils retreat.

// 160								//
The Slytherins refuse to let you into their common room.

You take a small swallow of your polyjuice potion and
temporarily assume the form of Professor Snape.  The next time
a Slytherin opens the door, you slip through.

You daren't attempt swimming across the lake.

You eat some of your gillyweed and swim across the lake.

This is Filch's office.  You really dislike him, and he has
been in a bad mood ever since his cat went missing, so you
leave before he does something mean to you.

// 165								//
Filch is inside his office.  As you approach, he sees the
petrified cat, and his eyes widen with shock.  He runs away,
screaming that you have been using Dark magic.

The Whomping Willow is a very mean tree. You are quickly too
battered to continue, so you return the way you came.

You toss your fanged frisbee at the tree, and hit a secret
knothole.  The tree stops moving, at least for now...

The very large door is locked.

You use your large key to unlock the door.

// 170								//
Hermione sits mixing a potion.  "I can't remember how to finish
this!" she complains.  "Go get me Moste Potente Potions from the
library and bring it here."  You return the way you came.

"Thanks!"  Hermione takes your copy of Moste Potente Potions and
makes a few more additions to the potion.  Then she hands you
back the book.

As soon as you open the door, a Knockback Jinx hits you with a
loud bang.  The door swings shut again while you stagger
backwards.

As soon as you open the door, a Knockback Jinx bounces off the
protective shield from your shield hat.  You hear a loud bang
from somewhere inside the room beyond.

The door to the Quidditch Pitch is boarded over, and a sign
explains that this order came from the Hogwarts High Inquisitor.
You return to the path.

// 175								//
[ERROR: THIS MESSAGE SHOULD NEVER APPEAR]

[UNUSED]

[UNUSED]

Professor Umbridge is in her office.  "Hem, hem," she coughs.
"What are you doing here?"  You beat a hasty retreat before she
assigns you a detention.

You set off one of your fireworks and it zooms into Umbridge's
office to the north.  She screams shrilly and flees.

// 180								//
There is a ledge outside the window, but it is far too narrow to
stand on.  You would lose your balance.

You take a small swallow of your balancing potion, a deep
breath, and a cautious step out onto the ledge.  You don't fall
off.  So far, so good.

You cannot remember the password, so you can't get in.

You recite the passwords on your list and the portrait of the
Fat Lady swings open.

You are in the Care of Magical Creatures classroom.  Professor
Sprout is looking worriedly at a sickly mooncalf.  When she
sees you, she insists that you go and fetch her some venomous
tentactula leaves from the greenhouse.  You return to the
corridor.

// 185								//
Professor Sprout greets you at the door and asks for some of
your venomous tentactula leaves.  You give her some and she
goes back to worrying over a strange creature with silvery fur
and bulging blue eyes.

You are in the owlry.  A number of hungry owls keep swooping
down at you.  Since you have nothing to feed them, you are
forced to retreat back down the stairs.

Suddenly Scabbers the rat scurries away, pursued by swooping
owls.  Despite a number close calls, he consistently manages to
avoid them.  He will probably follow you when you leave the
room, but for now he is keeping the owls occupied.

Inside this corridor is a ferocious three-headed dog!  It roars
and charges at you, but you manage to escape back to the north.
Its barking fades as it realizes you are gone.

Inside the corridor is a ferocious three-headed dog, but
fortunately you know how to deal with these (from a Care of
Magical Creatures textbook).  You start playing your lyre, and
the dog goes to sleep.

// 190								//
As you are about to enter the room, Professor Binns intercepts
you.  He tells you to go study the Goblin Rebellion of 1753,
because it will be on the exam.  Maybe he thinks that you are
somebody else?

As soon as you enter the room, Professor Binns intercepts you.
Using the essay you found earlier as a basis, you are able to
ask some detailed questions about the Goblin Rebellion of 1753
and Professor Binns invites you into his office to discuss them.

Professor Binns spends the next hour lecturing you on the
intricacies of goblin intra-clan politics.  Finally, he stops
and you stagger away in a daze.

[ERROR: THIS MESSAGE SHOULD NEVER APPEAR]

You can't go in that direction.  There's a wall.  Unless you
can make a door magically appear...

// 195								//
As you stare at the wall, you think about how you will have to
hide your axe somewhere to avoid being taken for a murderer.
Magically, the wall opens and you walk through into a large
room beyond.

You do not know the password, so the gargoyle will not allow
you to pass.

You try to think of the password, and notice your Sherbet
Lemons.  "Sherbet Lemons!" you say, and the gargoyle lets you
past.

The Dark Lord Who Shall Not Be Named guards the North Tower.
"Hello." he says.  "I would very much like to kill you, but I
have decided to give you one more chance.  Join me, and you
will have all you truly desire.  All I ask is that you bring
me the Philosopher's Stone!"
Then, seeing that you do not have the Stone, he sends you away.

The Dark Lord Who Shall Not Be Named guards the North Tower.
You hand him the Philosopher's Stone, and he thanks you most
politely.  After examining it carefully, he asks you to hold
onto it for a little longer while he takes care of a few minor
issues.  He then soars away into the foggy night...

// 200								//
The other tower is too far away to jump to.

You mount your broomstick and launch yourself into the foggy
night.

Your fingers start to go numb almost immediately.  You are going
to need some warm clothing to continue.

You pull your hands inside Hagrid's coat and shiver violently,
but are able to continue.  Brrr!

You attempt to move the loose sink, but it is attached to the
wall by a copper pipe.

// 205								//
You use your wrench to detach the pipe from the sink and you are
able to drag it aside.

Fenrir Greyback, the evil werewolf, attacks!  You tumble down
the stairs as he laughs.  "Don't come back!" he calls after you.

There's no way you're leaving the castle without that treasure!

The spell guarding the gate ripples as you pass through.

The tunnel is blocked by a stone wall carved with a bas-relief
picture of a snake.  There doesn't seem to be any way past.

// 210								//
The tunnel is blocked by a stone wall carved with a bas-relief
picture of a snake.  You are pondering how to get past when your
viper gives a hiss and a circular door in the wall swings open.



Replace
-------
Salazar Slytherin
Lupin
Hogwarts
Snape
Defense Against the Dark Arts
House elves
blast-ended skrewt
Slytherin
Hufflepuff
Hagrid
Forbidden Forest
Whimping Willow
Filch
Dementors
[ JUST CHECK ALL THE DESCRIPTIONS ]
